# Welcome #

We're so glad you're thinking about contributing to this open source
project!  If you're unsure or afraid of anything, just ask or submit
the issue or pull request anyway.  The worst that can happen is that
you'll be politely asked to change something.  We appreciate any sort
of contribution, and don't want a wall of rules to get in the way of
that.

Before contributing, we encourage you to read our CONTRIBUTING policy
(you are here), our [LICENSE](LICENSE), and our [README](README.md),
all of which should be in this repository.

## Issues ##

If you want to report a bug or request a new feature, the most direct
method is to [create an
issue](https://github.com/cisagov/development-guide/issues) in this
repository.  We recommend that you first search through existing
issues (both open and closed) to check if your particular issue has
already been reported.  If it has then you might want to add a comment
to the existing issue.  If it hasn't then feel free to create a new
one.

## Pull requests ##

If you choose to [submit a pull
request](https://github.com/zalopay-oss/jmeter-grpc-request/pulls), you will
notice that our continuous integration (CI) system runs a fairly
extensive set of linters and syntax checkers.  Your pull request may
fail these checks, and that's OK.  If you want you can stop there and
wait for us to make the necessary corrections to ensure your code
passes the CI checks.

If you want to make the changes yourself, or if you want to become a
regular contributor, then you will want to set up
[pre-commit](https://pre-commit.com/) on your local machine.  Once you
do that, the CI checks will run locally before you even write your
commit message.  This speeds up your development cycle considerably.
